Now that you know a bit more about JPA,
let's go back to the IDE and create a book repository.
We will implement a few CRUD operations,
such as finding a book by its identifier,
persisting a book into the database, and deleting it.
All these using the Entity Manager API.
So back to where we were,
first let's create a new package and call it repository.
In this new package, let's create a class, our BookRepository.
So the BookRepository is going to deal with the Book entity.
So first of all let's create a method that finds a book.
So given an identifier of type Long, it will return a book.
Then we want to create a book, so given a Book,
we persist the book in the database and return the created book.
And finally, deleting a book.
Given an identifier, we want to delete one single book in the database.
So how do we make that work?
Well we need the Entity Manager from JPA.
We'll call it em and we need to inject the persistence unit,
so we use this annotation and now we need to give it the unique name,
that's actually in the persistence.
xml.
Do you remember bookStorePU?
So copy and pass that.
Now that we have the Entity Manager,
the way to find a book is just one method call.
EntityManager.
find, giving the class of the book and the identifier.
And we return that.
To create a book, also the one line, EntityManager.
persist and we return the persisted book.
Deleting, it's two method calls, first of all we get a reference on the book,
so it's a bit like a find,
once the book returned from the database we call the EntityManager. remove and that will remove the book from the database.